docs/quickstart.mdx, before:

---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "Get Banana Slides running in minutes"
---

## Docker Compose (Recommended)

<Steps>
  <Step title="Clone the repository">
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Anionex/banana-slides
    cd banana-slides
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Configure environment">
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    Edit `.env` and set your API key. See [Configuration](/configuration) for details.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Start services">
    **Using pre-built images (fastest):**
    ```bash
    docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
    ```

    **Or build from source:**
    ```bash
    docker compose up -d
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Open the app">
    - Frontend: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
    - Backend API: [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000)

    <Note>Ports default to 3000/5000 via `.env`. You can change them by editing `FRONTEND_PORT` and `BACKEND_PORT` in `.env`.</Note>
  </Step>
</Steps>

## From Source

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) package manager
- Node.js 16+ and npm
- A valid AI provider API key

### Backend

```bash
cd backend
uv sync
uv run alembic upgrade head && uv run python app.py
```

### Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

<Note>
  For the editable PPTX export feature, [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) is required when uploading PPTX files for renovation.
</Note>

Commit message:

chore: remove LibreOffice from Docker images, guide PDF upload (#275)
* chore: remove libreoffice-impress from Docker images

LibreOffice adds ~500MB to the image and may produce inaccurate renders
due to missing fonts. Users who need PPTX support can install it
manually inside the running container.

* feat: guide users to upload PDF instead of PPTX

- Backend: improve error message when LibreOffice is missing
- Frontend: update pptTip and formatHint to recommend PDF upload

* docs: add LibreOffice limitations and container install instructions

Explain font/rendering issues and provide docker exec command for
users who still need PPTX upload support.

* docs: use actual container name instead of placeholder

docs/quickstart.mdx, after:

---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "Get Banana Slides running in minutes"
---

## Docker Compose (Recommended)

<Steps>
  <Step title="Clone the repository">
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Anionex/banana-slides
    cd banana-slides
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Configure environment">
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```
    Edit `.env` and set your API key. See [Configuration](/configuration) for details.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Start services">
    **Using pre-built images (fastest):**
    ```bash
    docker compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
    ```

    **Or build from source:**
    ```bash
    docker compose up -d
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Open the app">
    - Frontend: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
    - Backend API: [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000)

    <Note>Ports default to 3000/5000 via `.env`. You can change them by editing `FRONTEND_PORT` and `BACKEND_PORT` in `.env`.</Note>
  </Step>
</Steps>

## From Source

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) package manager
- Node.js 16+ and npm
- A valid AI provider API key

### Backend

```bash
cd backend
uv sync
uv run alembic upgrade head && uv run python app.py
```

### Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

<Note>
  The PPT Renovation feature requires [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) for server-side PPTX-to-PDF conversion. **We recommend converting PPTX to PDF locally before uploading** — LibreOffice may produce inaccurate results due to missing fonts (e.g., Microsoft YaHei, Calibri) and unsupported visual effects.

  Docker users who still need PPTX upload support can install it inside the container:
  ```bash
  docker exec -it banana-slides-backend bash -c "apt-get update && apt-get install -y libreoffice-impress && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*"
  ```
  This must be re-done after container recreation.
</Note>
